HW3
1. In order to reduce waiting time during rush hours, there exists the following solution:
	- a change in how the prescriptions are processed. More precisely, analyze the "peak possible performance" per hour
		of each pharmacy. Should the number of tasks for the upcoming hour be lower than the limit, prescriptions for
		"rush hours" should be taken and processed.
	  This would result in rush hour pre-processing, reducing the workload for and, followingly, delay  times for clients.
	  This can be done both manually and automatically. If done manually, then no significant additional costs can be seen as
		the staff is still working within their described hours and no additional implementations are required, besides initial
		analysis of "average load per hour without efficiency loss".
	  Alternatively, the automatic approach could be more efficient as it would modify the hours over time (if, let's say, initial
		assumptions were incorrect). It also can keep track of the amount of prescriptions processed/taken into processing by hour.
		This would also reduce the rush hour load, but would require more upfront costs, as existing system modification would be
		necessary. No significant changes in resource costs can be foreseen.
	  This is not exactly a transformational redesign, since we are not changing the existing structure completely, but merely
		modifying it. This solution should increase the flexibility of the system on the process level, since we are changing
		task allocation procedure.
2. In case of orders not being ready a similar proposition can be made. Furthermore, hiring additional staff and trying to
	parallelise exception handling may help. In this case, an increase of costs will become noticeable as parallelisation itself
	brings in initial/upfront costs, though may save up time, increase of staff to handle time-consuming tasks like contacting
	doctors will also increase costs, but reduce the average waiting time. Alternatively, it is possible to dedicate people
	to only deal with exceptions/issues in the process (insurance checks, for example). This could potentially increase staff costs but
	not require additional financial support for process flow altering.
3. Regarding the "customers are surprised they have to pay more", it is possible to reorder the processes in such a way that
	insurance check is performed twice - an initial/quick check that is performed when customer submits the prescription -
	this allows an estimation off the prices. This check should only calculate the prices of drugs that do not have issues.
	Such an approach will allow the staff to notify the client about the costs and costs that are up for further investigation.
	This, unfortunately, acts as an increase in average processing time (though, not precisely, since in homework 2 we were
	assuming that system checks are instantaneous), it can help reducing the load of workers as clients who are not content
	with prices or do not wish to debate it later will be able to leave and talk to the prescribing doctor themselves.
	The documents mentioned that stress was an issue for technicians during the rush hours - this should ease up the problem.
	Alternatively, it is possible to additionally calculate "prescription price without insurance", which will give customer
	the "maximum possible price you would have to pay". This will reduce the flow of clients that know their insurance is invalid
	but still try to make a scene thinking they are entitled.
4. Specialization for the prescription handling process could also work - an alternative approach for the "rush hours" and one -
	for normal hours. With this, we can get a potential decrease of costs and increase of service quality. However, I cannot
	come up with any particular examples of what should be done for "rush hour" scenario. But, assuming it works, we can get
	a drawback in terms of flexibility.
	Specialization will benefit with the issue of customers having to wait during the rush hours as a separate process tree can
	reduce individual prescription processing time and, followingly, the waiting time of each individual client.
5. Process automation in terms of automating the drop-off process since in the current state one of the three technicians
	spends a considerable amount of time taking in the prescription even though no complex work is done there. This allows
	potentially reducing the processing time of the drop-off process as well as "freeing up" one more technician for other tasks.
	While this makes the process less flexible - if there is an issue with the system, one would need to call in a technician to
	resolve the problem, we can additionally win on cost reductions, as a "free extra" technician yields "processing power" for
	other time-consuming tasks. Since the drop-off process is done faster, it can potentially increase the quality of the service
	at the drawback of less human interaction with clients.
6. Re-sequencing for insurance check issue handling - instead of collecting information about insurance when the system gives an error
	(and waste time since the customer may be away and such), verify this information during prescription drop-off from the
	customer themselves. While this will increase the average time of the submission process, this may reduce the time costs
	of the process line in total as the amount of cases when insurance checks need to be manually resolved will reduce.
7. Alternative step for option 5 - automating the pick-up procedure. In such a way that "ready" prescription bags are put
	into "lockers" and clients receive a message. That way, we can automate the pick-up for those clients that do not have to
	pay additionally for their prescriptions.
	Such solution would require developing a secure authentication system (so that people cannot steal prescriptions or take
	someone else's by accident) as well as a notification system to notify clients when their pickup is ready. This comes up with
	additional initial costs as well as maintenance costs, but may win in the long run since this reduces the load of technicians.